Dark Horse is a cool event where you get
to play as a cop
the idea here is that you're playing a
hot pursuit event you get to chase down
the racers your objective is to shut
down the race before the racers cross
the finish line so that involves you
chasing down the racers and basically
smashing it
Dark Horse is based on Lost Boys Road
it's one of the cooler roads in the game
where it's really sweeping there's a lot
of big fans the set at night as well
which is really important it breaks down
your visibility it makes the races
slightly harder to chase and you have to
take down the races and shut down the
race before they get to cross the finish
line and Dark Horse you get to play as a
cop and you get to choose from some
really cool cop cars my favorite one is
that missin 370z it's really fast it's
really precise taking down the racers
and it's also great drifting a great way
of making Dark Horse easier and getting
a faster time is to use boost as often
as possible and definitely use boost
when you're about to hit the races be
precise with your hits on the races and
also be careful with this spike strip
from the roadblock the Uni Colin don't
waste them
we were really keen for people to make
friends both in the game and in the demo
so after you played Dark Horse if you
make friends with someone else that has
the demo we unlock a new event or your
race called roses reborn it's a really
cool race it's actually the first race
you play in the main game obviously you
get to play as a racer and you get to
drive cool convertible cars one of which
is of course a Boxster Spyder is
actually one of my favorites we're
driving along coastal roads very winding
heavily inspired by the PCH it's all set
during the white sunshine it's a really
cool way to open a vein and a cool part
of the demo
some cool tips of roses reborned they'd
be take as many shortcuts as you can
there's a lot actually on this race
route there's a lot in there to look for
and find keep your drifts very shallow
so you're not bleeding a lot of speed
and generally stay away from the traffic
and warp the down underneath the speed
Hot Pursuit is available now for
download on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360 get out there and download it soon
because it's only available until
November